1. What is meant by a Working copy in Version control?

The local repository we are working using version control tool is the working copy.

2. Which Git command is used to create a working copy of a repository on your machine?

The 'git init' command is used to create a working copy of a repository on the local machine.

3. What is the use of the GIT pull command?

The 'git pull' command is used to move the files from the remote repository to the local repository.

4. Which GIT command is used to move an untracked change into the staging area?

The 'git add' command is used to move an untracked change into the staging area.

5. How do you set up your SSH key settings in Github? What is the use of setting up SSH key?
When working with a GitHub repository, you'll often need to identify yourself to GitHub using your username and password. 
An SSH key is an alternate way to identify yourself that doesn't require you to enter you username and password every time.

SSH keys come in pairs, a public key that gets shared with services like GitHub, and a private key that is stored only on your computer. 
If the keys match, you're granted access.

Before adding a new SSH key to your GitHub account, you should have:

   * Checked for existing SSH keys
	$ cd ~/.ssh
	$ ls
   * Generated a new SSH key and added it to the ssh-agent
	$ ssh-keygen -o -t rsa -C "mail-id"

SSH keys are used for authentication purpose.

6. What is meant by a Branch in Version control? How do you create a new branch in GIT?

A branch in Git is simply a movable pointer to the commits that we do.The 'git branch' command is used to create a new branch in GIT.


7. Which branch gets created by default when you first create a repository in GIT?

The 'master' branch gets created by default.

8. Which of these facts about GIT is accurate ; 
   
   b) Changes made to files in GIT can be reversed by reverting to an earlier version of the file.

   d) GIT is an open-source ,distributed version control tool.

9. What is the difference between Git and Github?

Git: It is a Version Control tool that helps to keep a track of all the changes you made in our source code by storing each change as a “version”.

GitHub: It is a website that lets to host Git repositories. This is the place where we store our production ready code.


10. What is meant by a repository in version control?

The repository in version control is where we can store,share and retrieve files that are to be version controlled.


